Leader! Give us something to do~	
Leader! Let's throw a party! We can play some hip-hop and eat apple pie! The best life is the party life! No party, no life!	
Locked and loaded, ready for action! What's the objective today, Leader?	
Some people believe that money can buy everything. But this saying doesn't apply to me! If I want someone to rest in pieces, no amount of money can save them~	
My first wish: to receive eight new guns! We angels all have our own guns for defense, but owning just one gun is so lame, right?	
My second wish... find someone to help me turn off this light over my head!	
The only reason Texas can live without a care and with all that swag is that she's got me watching over her. That's the obvious truth, right?	
If you ever run into an angel with black horns oozing ominous vibes, please tell her for me: I've never forgotten her.	
Us Penguin Logistics girls ain't so bad, right? Wanna come be our boss? Ehehe, just kidding.	
Our slogan is "Long live the Penguin Empire". Are you our client? You can call me Exusiai. I'm nothing like that Lupo ice queen. I'm always down for some fun!	
I'm lovin' this feeling!	
Thanks for promoting me!	
Leader... No, savior, I pledge to this gun in my hand to protect you until the very end of this world.	
Squad combat? I'm very familiar with that.	
No one makes a better leader than me! You're very sensible.	
Let's go! Take them all by storm!	
I already called dibs on the most lucrative real estate in Hell, and you guys all get a share. Rest easy!	
All right!	
Is it my turn?	
Follow me!	
Let me create a diversion.	
Heaven's will! (God's Will)
Rock n' roll!	
Barrage!
Apple pie!	
Wonderful! This is the chance of a lifetime. Charge on!	
May my hail of bullets bring you eternal peace.	
News of victory is the sweetest melody to my ears. All right, let's grab some drinks to celebrate when we get back!	
Even a well-crafted gun will jam sometimes. Life is no different, so don't worry about it~	
I like this place!	
Leader, wanna try out my weapon?	
Hey, Leader!	
